1 When I was a kid and my dad pushed me - out the window - Told you I was sorry.
You're just sick and don't wanna admit it.
- You weren't pushed.
- Shh.
You jumped.
We got the access we needed to transfer the money from the bank's side.
We can rob them blind.
I don't want Elliot to be my prisoner.
I want him to be my partner.
I gotta break him so I can build him up.
I see you now.
That is how you own a nigga.
I'm gonna break Elliot, and you're gonna be my aluminum bat.
Mr.
Robot.
That is how you break him.
Elliot, I was kidnapped.
He wanted to know everything about you.
The universe got big plans - for us, bruh.
- I'm sorry.
I'm scared.
Hey! Hey! Hey! Boy's not picking up.
Okay, okay, okay.
I got you, man.
I didn't know that.
All right, I got you.
All right.
Yeah, you got me confused.
All right.
I got you, bro.
I've been waiting for this moment for a while now.
Sorry, just Didn't expect it to hit me like this.
I'm all emotional and shit.
Told myself I'd keep it cool, you know.
Told myself I wouldn't do no fanboy shit like this, but I'm sorry, dude.
I just have so much respect for your ass, it makes me all Yo, what's that word those weird-ass Hasids use for this shit? Mm, "verklempt"? That's it, verklempt.
You well You like a hero to me.
A hero I did wrong, not gonna lipstick that pig.
But it was a turning point in my story nonetheless.
And something tells me it was a turning point in your story too.
Javi, make our guest here more comfortable.
We're on the second floor of a three-story walk-up, two armed dopes and a crazy meth head who thinks he's Deepak Chopra.
Only exit's the front door, but I seem to remember there's a fire escape in the back.
Not thinking about an escape plan right now.
Escape is the only fucking thing we should be thinking about.
Not until we find Krista.
Kiddo, need I remind you about Dominican Psycho over here? Krista was just bait.
Now she's probably dead.
Well, we need to find out.
I just need to get him doing what he loves to do best: talk.
- He'll tell us what we want - Yo! You gonna say something? It's been a minute.
How the fuck you been? Truth is, I'm I'm a little confused.
You came looking for me two months ago.
Why'd you wait until today to make a move? Well, if you must know, I had to prepare, set the stage for our meet.
This shit is bigger than Frost-Nixon, you know? Had to be ready.
Ready for what? For you, bruh.
You a formidable adversary.
You ain't no corner bitch I can stick my dick in.
Need to buy you dinner first.
That what this is, dinner? Shit, nigga, he trying to make a metaphor.
Yo, V, I thought you said this kid a genius, bro.
I swear to God, if you don't shut the fuck up How about we just cut the bullshit and you tell me why I'm here? After our unfortunate parting of ways, I had to return back home to the DR.
Hadn't been back there since I was little When people didn't think much of me.
It actually reminded me of a dream I used to have, that I would one day own that island, that the very land everyone walked on, slept on, fucked on would be mine.
Settle in, this looks like it's gonna be a long one.
Except there I was, back in the DR with those same motherfuckers who didn't believe in me said I wouldn't amount to nothing.
This time, they was wrong.
I had tools now.
I had vision I didn't have before.
So I started hustling.
I set up shop couple of corners here and there.
At first, on my own.
Then a few other niggas got impressed, joined in.
Couple of block battles but nothing we couldn't handle.
Matter of fact, it was easier than ever.
And like a virus, we multiplied.
Within 43 days, I took down every gang.
From there, it was easy to get to the politicians, especially with Five/Nine pounding their wallets.
Once that domino fell, we took control of all the favelas in both the Dominican and Haiti.
I was running everything and everyone from the president to the campesino.
And by day 87, I finally had my own island.
Then on the 88th day, I got bored.
I had everything I ever wanted, but all I felt was emptiness.
One day, Javi over here brings this crazy old shaman who says he can help me.
So I said, "All right, let him in.
" He sat my ass down, prepared me a cocktail of this powder pink powder, red blood mixed in with titty milk.
He looked into my eyes and said, "You're asleep.
It's time you wake up.
" Then held the cup to my lips.
You wanna know what I did, Elliot? I gulped that shit down.
And then I just gotta be real with you, bruh I shit myself.
Then I puked myself.
Back and forth, back and forth, shitting, puking, till all the shit and puke poured out of me.
The shaman then takes my face in his hands, says "It's time for you to go home.
" I didn't know what to think.
I told him I was home.
And then it hit me why I was feeling empty that whole time.
Home isn't where you from.
It's where you supposed to be.
I was born Dominican, but here New York This is my home.
This is where I thrived.
And there I laid, weeping like a bitch, telling the shaman I could never go back.
I failed there.
That path was closed to me.
Shaman shook his head no.
Told me I had to reopen that path, that I had to reconcile with the man who closed it.
For he was meant to be my partner.
Then and only then can I go home again.
That's why we sitting here right now, Elliot.
That's why I came back.
I owned the wrong island.
I'm gonna take over New York, and you gonna be my side when I do.
So what you think? Where's Krista? You want me to partner with you for anything, first things first, I need to know where Krista is.
You forget we played this game already? That's why I'm asking.
Now that I think about it, this was Isaac's knife.
You remember him, don't you? My brother.
This is probably the same one he did your girl Shayla with.
No one here wants to see no rerun, bruh.
You're not gonna kill Krista.
She's the only thing you got over me.
Can't believe, with all that enlightenment, you'd come back here to be just as stupid as you were last time.
Stupid? Last time we did this dance, I got everything I wanted, didn't I? You didn't get me.
Where is she? She good, bruh.
Show me.
Poor Elliot Always caught up worrying about the pussy.
Is that all you want? Simple meet and greet? Okay.
But then after that, I'm gonna want my own special introduction.
- Elliot.
- Are you okay? No, no, no, no, we ain't having no sidebar here.
Alls I said was you could see her.
You need to let her go.
You already on to your second demand and you ain't even honored the first.
I said I need an introduction.
What introduction? Mr.
Robot.
I don't know what you're talking about.
Nah, come on, dude.
Let's move past the bullshit.
I got your therapist here, remember? I know everything about you.
So tell me, how do we get him out? How does this voodoo shit work, exactly? Do we say "Mr.
Robot" three times in the mirror? Rub a lamp? Roll your eyes back, play Bob Marley, light some candles? What do you want from him? Alls I wanna do is talk to him.
How 'bout you let her go and then we'll talk? Remember what I said, anything happens to her Don't touch her! Don't worry, I'm not touching.
I'm just taking her temperature.
But Javi over here, he just got out of a bad relationship.
He need a rebound.
He been looking at Miss Krista all day with them hungry eyes.
He gotta eat sometime.
You can't blame him, can you? We all gotta eat, Elliot.
You wanna talk? Let's talk.
How do I know it's you? I didn't see no puff of smoke.
Let's get one thing straight, fuck-face.
I ain't no puff of smoke.
Welcome to the party, Mr.
Robot.
I'm not here to party.
You wanna talk, get to it already.
- What do you want? - Yo.
I don't care who the fuck you are.
You need to calm it down, homey.
I'm not talking to you.
Where that courage now, bitch? Right fucking here.
Let's keep this friendly.
Yo, V, I ain't trying Peanuts, God damn it, I said put the gun down! What kind of name is Mr.
Robot anyway? Some Nickelodeon bullshit, man.
What kind of operation you running here, exactly? - What's so funny? - Nothing, man.
It's just a trip.
It's like I'm really talking to another person.
That's because you are.
So stop wasting my time, and start talking.
I thought we was talking.
What am I doing here? I don't know.
That's a good question.
Why are you here? When assholes like you come around, I make sure he has someone on his side.
Oh, what that make you, then, the muscle? His protection? Something like that.
How you think that's going? Don't matter, though.
I ain't here to judge your job performance.
I didn't ask what you do.
I asked you why you were here.
How did you start? - He needed me.
- Why? If you here to protect him, that means he got hurt real bad.
I just wanna know what scared him so much that he needed your bitch ass to come to the rescue.
This is cute and all, but I gotta be real with you.
You're too stupid to do this.
What is it that you think I'm doing, exactly? Trying to get inside my head.
Oh, I already in there.
You're so sure of yourself.
- I am.
- Why's that? 'Cause there's a method to Elliot's madness, and I think you know what it is.
You wanna know what it is? I'll tell you what it is.
He's smart.
He's angry.
Put those two things together, you stay the fuck out of the way.
Yeah, blah, blah, blah, that's your spin zone "Fox & Friends.
" How 'bout you give me the real headline? You read her file.
Put two and two together.
His father died when he was eight years old.
His mother treated him like her own personal ashtray.
He needed someone to help him cope with the world.
VoilÃ , you got me.
No doubt, shit's heavy, but it ain't actionable.
I need details.
How 'bout we skip the psychobabble and get to why we're really here? You said you wanna own this island and you need my help.
So this job interview isn't about my credentials.
It's about yours.
And like I said, with your operation, I don't know if you could run a White Castle, much less New York.
You want me to work for you.
It's clear you don't wanna force me into it, which means you gotta start convincing me.
Convincing you? Let's not play dumb.
If she told you about me, I gotta think she told you about Five/Nine.
So you know the things I've done, things I've been able to pull off.
I'm not someone you push around with a gun.
I am the gun.
So yeah, you gotta convince me.
Because right now, if this is your master vision, do yourself a favor.
Go back to that little shaman of yours and shit some more, because you're clearly still full of it.
I wanna own every corner of this city.
I want them all pushing my product.
And I mean everyone, not just no drug dealers.
Every business, every storefront, every billboard in this city, every train in every tunnel, every pig in blue.
From the night whores walking the streets to the day whores on the Upper East Side, from the rapists down in lockup to the ones in the high-rises.
I wanna roll five boroughs into one Dominican blunt, smoke that shit as I count my cash and ash on these Warbuckses' white, bald heads.
That is my master vision, and that Mr.
Robot, is what I want.
I wanna own this island.
So let me see if I got this.
You wanna get into real estate.
Is that it? Is that what all this is about? Is that really your groundbreaking epiphany here? No.
That can't really be it, is it? In your word salad, I heard something about drug dealing.
Thing is, Pfizer and Eli are a few billion ahead of you, and they can buy your death with the same half-cent it costs them to make a pill.
You wanna get into billboards? Download Photoshop.
Make yourself a cute portfolio.
Stores, with the debt everyone's in, I'm sure they'll gladly give 'em to you, in which case, you'll just be owned by their banks.
Trains are even more bankrupt, and don't even get me started on the NYPD.
Even that blunt you wanna roll is gonna be marked up by Big Tobacco itself.
Point is, this city's one big, fat credit card bill, and you wanna pay it, all so you can, what, be another suit with a mortgage? Unless you're after a monopoly on stupidity, please tell me you have more.
Please tell me you didn't waste my time when you could have just enrolled in some night classes at the Brooklyn School of Real Estate and left me the fuck out of it.
This ain't about being no landlord, bruh.
This is about power.
Power is just an asshole stuffed with money.
And while you're most definitely all stocked up on asshole, money, you just don't got.
I gots plenty start-up capital.
Whatever you have isn't enough, not for this.
Ain't no thing.
I can stick up a few joints.
How much we talking? Even asking that means you're thinking too small.
Behind every great fortune, there lies a great crime.
That is the corporate motto of these United States.
You wanna oink-oink with all the other capitalist pigs? It's not about how much money.
It's about robbing money itself.
And you can do that for me? I think I have a plan that could help you.
But step one of anything we do together is always gonna be let her go.
But didn't you say she was the only thing I got over you? Javi, Peanuts, am I deaf, or did he not say that? Yeah, I heard it.
Yeah, I heard it, most definitely.
Hey, you need to recollect correct, Nickelodeon.
So if I let my only insurance policy go, then how am I gonna trust that this money gonna come to me or that this plan of yours even exists in the first place? You know, come to think of it, she didn't even trust you.
It was in her notes.
Ain't that true, Miss Krista? What was it again? How'd phrase it? "Patient is extremely guarded, which presents a barrier to honest processing.
" That don't sound too good, Mr.
Robot.
If she can't trust you, why should I? I'll show you.
Show me what? My plan, the hack.
It's going down tonight.
You let me do it, I'll steal more money than you know what to do with.
That'll be a better partner to you than anyone else.
Why you willing to part with all this dough? I don't give a shit about money.
I just wanna take it from them.
How exactly you gonna do that? I'll show you.
I got it all on my laptop: bank statements, account balances, the whole exploit.
Javi, go get his bag.
You know, you don't need Mr.
Robot.
He barks a lot, but he ain't the bite behind all that havoc you wreaked, is he? See, that right there, that's why you my dude.
I'm more scared of you than him.
You got something to show me, then let the show begin.
Look at all them zeros.
I can't even count 'em all.
Oh, yeah, that's stadium money, nigga.
The fuck is stadium money? Yo.
Yo, Javi, come take a look.
Oh, shit.
Yo, you right, that is stadium money.
Bro, oh.
You don't got it in you.
I got your bullets, bitch.
You really think I didn't have Javi check your bag the second we grabbed you? Oh.
Maybe I was wrong about you, bruh.
Old Elliot never would have picked up that gun, let alone pulled the trigger.
I like to think I had something to do with that little mean streak in you.
You make me proud, but I can see we still have some work to do.
It wasn't him.
It was me.
It was my fuckup.
You don't need to take it out on him.
Take it out on you, him, the fuck does it matter? Same brain gets the bullet, don't it? I had a lapse, doesn't mean you give up on all those zeros.
That's still very fucking real.
Nah, man.
None of this is real, not until we have trust.
We can figure this out.
You just gotta put the gun down.
Stop being so thirsty, bruh.
I ain't trying to talk to ya anyway.
Where you going? Let's go, sweet thing.
Let's go.
Wait, stop.
You wanna throw away all that money for nothing? I'm not the one who just tried to shoot me for no goddamn reason.
No goddamn reason? You would have done the same thing.
Incorrecto, cuz.
I would have made sure to kill your ass, like I'm about to do to her.
Hey, you hurt her, you might as well kill me next.
You lose everything.
That does appear to be the pickle we're in.
So what to do? What to do? We go back to the plan before I fucked everything up.
Yesterday's news, bruh.
Been there, done that.
Wait! Wait, wait! After I steal the money, I'll be your partner, okay? I will be your partner.
I will do whatever you want.
Warmer, but not quite there since I know for sure I can't trust you.
Wait, wait, wait! There's gotta be something we can figure out! Tell me why I shouldn't shoot her.
Because she's a good person.
No, tell me why I shouldn't shoot her.
She doesn't deserve this! Details, motherfucker! Tell me why I shouldn't shoot her! Because I need her! She helps me.
Oh I get it now.
She your shaman.
The fuck does that mean? It means now we're getting much warmer.
See, I've been going about this the wrong way.
I thought you would give me the answer I was looking for.
But maybe I was the wrong person asking the question.
Have a seat, bruh.
What is this? We gonna have a little therapy session.
It's finally time you saw that you and I are destined to be partners.
You ready? Didn't I tell you to sit your ass down? We gonna find out what's going on inside that little head of yours.
Ain't that right, honey bear? What do you expect me to do, exactly? I expect you to pick up where you last left off.
Why you looking at me like that? Don't you do this for a living? - Yes, but - I don't wanna hear no buts.
Alls I wanna hear is this therapy session getting kicked off.
You sick, sadistic piece of shit.
What's the point of this? You're just gonna kill us anyway.
It's fine, Krista.
Let's just do what he wants.
Elliot, he's just trying to find another way to hurt you.
He just wants a show.
Let's give him a show.
That's right.
I'll be sitting right here, eating my popcorn.
What you're asking for is impossible.
You won't get anything out of this.
This only works in a controlled setting, alone, just me and him.
Peanuts, Javi, take a walk.
What? Nah, nigga.
Now I wanna know what happens.
Yeah, dawg, I'm kinda curious where you going with all of this.
I said take a fucking walk! Nasty cabbage ass, had to go on and ruin everything.
That's as alone as you gonna get.
That's not what I meant, and you know it.
You're pointing a gun at me.
You're forcing me to talk to one of my pati Ah! Okay, okay, calm down.
Krista, look at me.
Ask me some questions.
It's easy.
You know how to do this, same as we always do.
Come on, Krista.
It's fine.
Pretend he's not even here.
Listen to your boy.
Come on, you can do it.
Look at me.
Let's talk about my mom.
She just passed away.
Why don't we talk about that? Are you okay? I'm fine.
You know we didn't talk a lot, so it didn't hit me that hard.
I think it got to Darlene, though.
Come on, keep going.
There's gotta be something more you wanna ask me.
Now that you've had some time to think about it How are you feeling about her death? I haven't thought about it that much.
Is that a bad thing? Well, there was a lot of pain there.
- She hurt you - Yeah, yeah! I know all this.
That's all old shit.
There's no gold there.
I need that 24-karat.
I don't know how to do what you want.
You said Elliot's got a secret and the only way I can unlock it is to find out why Mr.
Robot exists.
What's he talking about? She sold us out is what he's talking about.
I'm sorry.
I had to tell him something.
I didn't know what else to say.
What did you tell him? Look, we are running out of time here.
We gotta start thinking about an exit strategy and fast, while his pals are gone.
Do you know what she's talking about? What does it matter? Did you hear what I said? - We gotta get out of here.
- Here.
- Let me help you start.
- Those are my private charts.
"Elliot's preoccupation with Mr.
Robot suggests an emotional component - to the relationship" - Don't do this.
Oh, you upset.
I'm sorry.
Maybe I should stop.
How 'bout it, Elliot? You sure you don't wanna know what she wrote in here? He's fucking with you.
He's trying to play his little mind games.
She doesn't want me to hear this.
Why? Who gives a shit? We gotta focus on a way out of here.
You don't want me to hear this either.
Keep reading.
No, don't do this.
Elliot, it's not a good idea.
I said keep reading.
Ooh, I like this one.
"Strained relationship with Mr.
Robot keeps us from exploring the root of his condition.
" What does that mean? Answer the man's question.
Tell me what that means.
Elliot, this is not how this is supposed to work.
She's right.
This this has to stop.
"Childhood trauma, follow up on window event.
" What's so important about this window anyway? You won't talk.
No problem.
Let me look it up.
- Let's see, window - Stop it.
Just stop it! These are just my notes.
You're not supposed to hear any of this in this way.
I don't give a shit what I'm supposed to hear.
What are you hiding? Is this about Mr.
Robot? No, not Mr.
Robot.
Darlene? No.
Who, then? Don't say anything.
What does this have to do with the window? No one was there except my father.
Is this about my father? - What about him? - Please don't make me do this.
- What about him? - Don't make me do this.
- Krista, don't.
- Shut up.
Krista, there's no use holding back.
Tell me what's going on.
The day he pushed you out the window My dad didn't push me.
I I jumped.
Darlene told me.
I remembered it wrong.
- See, she doesn't even know - I said shut up! - Keep going.
- Let's get it, bruh.
Why is it you think you you can't recall that memory so clearly? Pay attention.
Miss Krista's asking you questions.
I don't know why.
Do you? - Answer me.
- I I I don't know.
But I I can ask you details about that day to help you remember.
Like what? What were you doing that day in your room? Uh Darlene and I were building a snowman.
We went upstairs to look for my camera.
And did you find the camera? Darlene told me we didn't.
What else did Darlene say? She said that we heard my dad coming and I told her to hide in the closet.
Then what happened? Uh, he walked in the door and I grabbed my baseball bat.
And then? I started swinging it and yelling, smashing everything in the room, and then I jumped out the window.
Do you actually remember these events, or did Darlene tell you this? Darlene.
Is that similar to other instances in your life when you've lost time? No, only when Mr.
Robot takes over.
Do you think it's possible Mr.
Robot is the reason why you can't remember? What's she talking about? You didn't exist when I was a kid.
Did you? That's not important.
What's important is that I'm here now.
Stop lying to me.
How long have you been here? Don't you see what's happening? She pushed us apart before.
She's doing it again.
Answer the question! How long? How long have you been messing with my head? What do you want me to say? I've been here since the first day that I was needed.
I exist for a reason.
I always have.
It's always been my job to protect him.
You know this isn't the way.
This is dangerous.
You can't do this to him.
Please do not do this to him.
He's not supposed to know.
Know what? Elliot, do you believe Mr.
Robot when he says he's here to protect you? Yes.
So if it's possible that it could have been Mr.
Robot that day, do you know why he might have picked up that bat and jumped out that window? Why are we going through all these details again? Get to the fucking point! That's it, bruh.
Find that poison.
Do you think Mr.
Robot was protecting you from something in that moment? Like what? You said you did this when your father came into the room.
Elliot, look at me.
Why do you think you had such a strong reaction when your father came into the room? I don't know.
I don't know.
I I can't I can't remember.
Elliot.
Maybe I was scared.
What were you scared of? Krista you do this, it will destroy him.
Elliot, what were you scared of? He already told you that he can't Remember.
His father.
That's it, right? You were scared of your father.
No.
Why would I be scared of him? He was my friend.
I can't protect you anymore.
Why would I be scared of my father? Do you recall a time Your father ever hurt you? Hurt me? He would never hurt me.
I told you, he was he was my friend.
He was my only friend.
Then what made you scared that day? I wasn't.
You told me you were scared.
I, uh Is that what I said? Um I'm I'm confused.
You and your sister were in the room.
You heard your father's footsteps.
No.
You think it's possible you hid Darlene in the closet to keep her safe? No.
Your dad walked into the room No.
No.
You grabbed a bat to defend yourself.
No, no, no, no.
You yelled at him to get away.
You swung the bat at him.
No.
And you escaped the only way you knew how.
Why were you afraid of your father? Were you afraid he was going to ask you to do something you didn't want to do? Yes.
Do you remember what he asked you to do? Yes, I remember.
Elliot.
Did your father sexually molest you? Yes.
Elliot, I'm so sorry that happened to you.
Elliot, hear me, bruh.
I know it feels like you're all alone right now, but you're not.
I know this pain, your pain.
It's okay to feel whatever you're feeling, and if you can hear me, I want you to know you don't gotta be scared no more.
Don't don't touch me.
Don't touch me.
- My brother - Stop.
Please stop.
You know there's nothing you can do to stop this.
I don't know how to live with this.
I don't wanna live with this.
- Not an option you got.
- Yes! Yes, there is.
There is.
There has to be, because I can't do this.
I can't.
I know it hurts right now, but you purging all that poison.
Soon you can be your true self.
My true self? I don't know who that is.
I don't know who that is! That's because you're still holding in all the anger and sadness.
What do I do? Right there, that's what you do.
You let it out.
Amen.
Once you let it all go, then you can finally meet the real you.
This ain't a death.
Elliot, you've been reborn.
Why? Why? Why why why why would he do There is no why.
You weren't the one in control.
I know it's hard to go on when you're carrying this around, but you can.
How? You don't carry it alone.
I'm here with you, bruh.
You.
You did this.
You did this to me.
- I did it for you.
- No.
No, I don't believe you! I did this because I could see this wound on your face.
From the first time I met you, I just wanted to show you the light.
- This is bullshit! - Ain't no bullshit, bruh.
The only thing that happened just now is that you finally faced the truth.
You've been looking away from your whole life.
And now that you know the truth You can use it.
I know 'cause I done it.
I been through it.
My ma she used to pass me around to her friends when she'd go out to get high, and let's just say her friends They took a lot from me.
Your dad, he took a lot from you too, but he didn't take everything.
See, this shit you went through, most people don't know pain like that.
They never will.
And if they did, it would end them.
But the people who dig in, the ones who keep surviving, those are the ones you can't beat.
Those are the ones no one can beat.
Because once you've weathered a storm like yours You become the storm.
You hear me? You are the storm.
And it's the rest of the world that needs to run for cover.
Your power is beautiful.
Elliot it's special.
Don't you believe that? I don't know.
Do you wanna believe it? I just I don't wanna be alone anymore.
Hey.
You're not alone.
I see you now.